Improve workflows of Ansible roles (#1472)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_removing-ansible-roles-from-a-host.adoc

Use the following procedure to remove Ansible roles from a host.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts*.
. Select the host and click *Edit*.

> . On the *Ansible Roles* tab, navigate to the *Available Ansible Roles* area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Ansible Roles* tab, navigate to the *Assigned Ansible Roles* area.
```

Maybe also reword "navigate to" because this does not require a click.

> . Click the *-* icon to remove the role from the *Assigned Ansible Roles* list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *-* icon to remove the role from the host.
```
